hello Happy Meal toy fans and toy
collectors I have number six of How to
Train Your Dragon from The Hobbit range
ragged series right here terrible terror
and so he's green and you can easily see
him in the back so let me open him up
for the review here is terrible terror
got the instructions of the cone year
two instructions clip the wings on the
back and you've got an action button so
remove the wings from the extra little
baggie so just going to attach his wings
right on the back slide them right there
and the other one right there and then
now they're locked in just press down on
the button on the back and his waist
flap and his mouth opens that's kind of
cool he kind of snaps his mouth because
they do bite movie drink you like it
very cool so this is the terrible terror
number six and ten reminds me of Yoshi
from Super Mario because he's a green
died latter dinosaur Green Dragon so
anyway really cool definitely worth
adding to your how to train your dragon
McDonald's Happy Meal toys definitely
worth adding so if you can still find
them and your balance which they said
they now have that Hot Wheels and Barbie
toys you may just find them on eBay or
maybe um trade with fellow toy
collectors I mean you look like this
anyway that's terrible terror number six
and this is great I like it great
addition so I definitely give this a
rating of a four and a half out of five
stars thank you guys for watching hope
you guys enjoyed this review feel free
to rate comment favorite the video give
me a thumbs up and do a video response
even if you like or end a comment and
tell me what you think about this toy
thank you guys for watching until next
time I'll see you guys again soon bye